# DefWeb: Defending User Privacy against Cache-based Website Fingerprinting Attacks with Intelligent Noise Injection
We develop a dynamic generative learning-based defense technique, DefWeb, to protect user privacy against cache-based Website Fingerprinting(WF) attacks by injecting precise noise into the WFs. For this purpose, (1) we train a Variational Autoencoder (VAE) to represent high-dimensional fingerprints in a low-dimension space while creating distinct clusters for each website. (2) Minimal noise templates are extracted in the low-dimension space to obfuscate the fingerprints efficiently. (3) We create practical noise templates that can be added to WFs during website rendering by leveraging self-modifying code (SMC). We implement Def Web in simulation and real-world setups to degrade the attacker’s model accuracy. DefWeb can decrease the model accuracy to 1.1% and 28.8% in simulation and real-world setups, respectively.  

# Experimental Setup:
- ## Intel Tiger Lake Microarchitecture
  * CPU Model: Intel(R) Core (TM) i7-1165G7 @ 2.80GHz
  * OS: Ubuntu 20.04.4 LTS
  * Linux Kernel: 5.13.0-44-generic
  * Google Chrome version 101.0.4951.64
  * Tor browser version 10.5.10
- ## Additional 
  * Nvidia GeForce RTX 3090 GPU card
  * Software: MATLAB R2021


# Data Collection:
## Cache-based WF attack 
<!---- (Robust Website Fingerprinting Through the Cache Occupancy Channel)
   For collecting Website Fingerprints for different websites, follow the steps mentioned below:<br/>
  * For the offline phase, the attacker can change the cache size in his device to match the victim's device and collect data, which will be employed to train the ML model. 
  -->

- Data collection for Google Chrome Browser:
  * We have collected 100 WF measurements for each of 100 different websites [Website list](https://github.com/hunie-son/DefWeb/blob/main/Data_Collection/website_list.txt).
  * For the Demo, we are only using `PrimeProbe_google.html` and `PrimeProbe_amazon.html`, which is www.google.com and www.amazon.com, respectively. (You can create 100 different Prime and Probe attack JavaScript code based on the [Website list](https://github.com/hunie-son/DefWeb/blob/main/Data_Collection/website_list.txt))
  * Collecting WF dataset automatically using bash script <br/>
  `cd DefWeb/Data_Collection/Chrome`<br/>
  `./run_chrome.sh`<br/>
   * Collected 100 websites WF datasets are provided `DefWeb/Data_Collection/Chrome/Chrome_Collected_100`

- Data collection for Mozilla Firefox Browser:
  * The procedure is the same as Chrome Browser [Website list](https://github.com/hunie-son/DefWeb/blob/main/Data_Collection/website_list.txt). <br/>
   * Collecting WF dataset automatically using bash script <br/>
  `cd DefWeb/Data_Collection/Firefox`<br/>
  `./run_firefox.sh`<br/>
   * Collected 100 websites WF datasets are provided `DefWeb/Data_Collection/Firefox/Firefox_Collected_100`

- Preprocessing:
  * Merged CSV file (10,000 x 6,000) is large to upload in the GitHub repository.
  * We provide preprocessing python code ([Preprocessing_WF.ipynb](https://github.com/hunie-son/DefWeb/blob/main/Data_Collection/Preprocessing_WF.ipynb)) to create WF Dataset (single csv file) with order. 

After preprocessing the data, the final training data (trainX and trainY) will created.


# WF Attack:
- We use Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and Long Short-Term Memory Networks (LSTM) to conduct WF attacks.
   * We provide CNN python code ([CNN_Final.ipynb](https://github.com/hunie-son/DefWeb/blob/main/Attack_Model/CNN_Final.ipynb)) with explanation.
   * We provide LSTM python code ([LSTM_Final.ipynb](https://github.com/hunie-son/DefWeb/blob/main/Attack_Model/LSTM_Final.ipynb)) with explanation.
   * Input data: Preprocessed data (For the demo, we use www.google.com and www.amazon.com)
   * Output: Accuracy
  
<!----
### Instruction to run:
- Offline phase: CNN
-->

# DefWeb :
- VAE: We use a Generative Deep Learning Model, Variational AutoEncoder(VAE), to create dynamic noise.
  * [DefWeb_VAE_Demo.ipynb](https://github.com/hunie-son/DefWeb/blob/main/Defense_Model/VAE/DefWeb_VAE_Demo.ipynb) contains detailed explanations and extra experiments (can ignore while running)
  * `DefWeb_VAE_Auto_GC.py`:  Perform VAE and reconstruct the Noisy WF dataset (100 websites) 
  * `ExtractCo3Noise_RetrainCNN_Auto.py` : Extract 1/3 of noise. Add dynamic noise to the original WF dataset and retrain the attacker's CNN model.
  * Automatically execute DefWeb using bash script <br/>
  `cd DefWeb/Defense_Model/VAE`<br/>
  `./DefWeb_Autorun.sh`<br/> 
  * 
    
- SMC: We use a Self-modifying Code (SMC) to generate practical noise template creation.
  * `noise_template.csv`: An example noise template generated by VAE. This is an analytical noise template that we need to mimic.
  * `repeat_delay_template.csv`: This file consists of repeat and delay values that will create a specific SMC practical noise.
  * `smc_example.csv`: An example SMC practical noise collected with the practical noise generation tool.
  * `prime_probe_smc_analysis.html`: Prime and Probe attack code to be run in a browser. This file was created by Dr. Yossi Oren's team.
  * `smc_analysis_for_paper_GC.sh`: This code runs the practical noise code. You are expected to run this code.
  * `SMC_generation_visualization_artifact_code.m`: The Matlab code to visualize both analytical and practical noise templates.
  * `smc.asm`: This code creates practical noise with given repeat and delay values.
  * `main.c`: This is the `main` code that runs the assembly file to create smc noise.d
  * 
<!----
## Instruction to run:
- Offline phase: VAE with two cluster->  
- Figure Google -> Amazone figure


## SMC generated precise noise Template:
-->

# Performace Tool
- In this part, we automatically render(using Python library) the target website with Prime and Probe attack (JavaScript file location) and calculate the webpage loading time.
- Prerequisites: Chrome driver and Firefox driver need to be installed.
- We also perform website loading time with our DefWeb create noise template running.
  * Automatically execute Performance Tool (Chrome browser with PnP attack) using bash script <br/>
  `cd DefWeb/Performance_Tool`<br/>
  `./loadingTime_PnP_GC.sh`<br/>
  * Automatically execute Performance Tool (Mozilla Firefox with PnP attack) using bash script <br/>
  `cd DefWeb/Performance_Tool`<br/>
  `./loadingTime_PnP_FF.sh`<br/>
  * Automatically execute Performance Tool (Chrome browser with PnP attack + Noise) using bash script <br/>
  `cd DefWeb/Performance_Tool`<br/>
  `./loadingTime_PnP_noise_GC.sh.sh`<br/>
  * Automatically execute Performance Tool (Mozilla Firefox with PnP attack + Noise) using bash script <br/>
  `cd DefWeb/Performance_Tool`<br/>
  `./loadingTime_PnP_noise_FF.sh.sh`<br/> 

    
# Noise Template
- Noise templates dataset generated by DefWeb are provided for future research.
  
<!---- 
## Instruction to run:
-->
